Add new CLI commands (#29495)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/reference/ml-net-cli-reference.md

Invalid input options cause the CLI tool to emit a list of valid inputs and an error message.

### Forecasting options

> Running `mlnet forecasting` will train a time series forecasting model. Choose this command if you want an ML Model to forecast a value based on historical data (e.g. sales forecasting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `mlnet forecasting` will train a time series forecasting model. Choose this command if you want an ML Model to forecast a value based on historical data (for example, sales forecasting).
```

```console
mlnet forecasting

--dataset <dataset> (REQUIRED)

--horizon <horizon> (REQUIRED)

--label-col <label-col> (REQUIRED)

--time-col <time-col> (REQUIRED)

--cache <Auto|Off|On>

--has-header

--log-file-path <log-file-path>

--name <name>

-o, --output <output>

--test-dataset <test-dataset>

--train-time <train-time>

-v, --verbosity <verbosity>

```

### Train options

> Running `mlnet train` will train a model based on an "mbconfig" file generated from Model Builder. For this command to work the training data will need to be in the same directory as the "mbconfig" file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `mlnet train` will train a model based on an "mbconfig" file generated from Model Builder. For this command to work, the training data must be in the same directory as the "mbconfig" file.
```
